On the subject of interaction between humans and machines, active research has been ongoing on vision-based gesture recognition and motion correlation. The concept of Motion Correlation revolves around matching an input modalities’ movement to that of the desired moving object.
This project proposes an interaction mechanism through a game, for performing selection based on hand gesture recognition and motion correlation. The Game interface is obtained by executing the main.py file.
The idea revolves around tracking motion by gaining control over what is displayed and evaluating the effectiveness of the action performed, based on how the system responds. 
Selections are maximized using the current implementation, which allows users to use two approaches to select a moving target on the screen. This study paves a path to further explore the concept of ”Pointing without a Pointer”, by inducing gesture controls. With its user-friendly interface and entertaining, interactive game, the suggested system enables users to experiment with gestures and correlation. 
The offered alternatives for selection tasks may be advantageous to numerous sectors. The medical industry, and more specifically the discipline of physiotherapy, could widely benefit from classifying significant hand gestures and prompting users to closely mimic a given trajectory.

Note: This project was implemented under the supervision of Professor Dr. John Williamson, School of Computing Science, University of Glasgow.
